Update documentation page 'Data Access' (#1167)
xcube-dev/xcube: docs/source/dataaccess.md

* `cache_store_params: dict` - Store parameters of a filesystem-based data
  store.

Before opening a specific dataset from CLMS, it's required to preload the data first.
Preloading lets you create data requests ahead of time, which may sit in a queue before
being processed. Once processed, the data is downloaded as zip files, unzipped,
extracted to a cache, and prepared for use. After this, it can be accessed through the
cache data store.

The preload parameters are:
* `blocking: bool` - Switch to make the preloading process blocking or non-blocking.
  If True, the preloading process blocks the script. Defaults to `True`.
* `silent: bool` - Silence the output of Preload API. If True, no preload state
  output is given. Defaults to `False`.
* `cleanup: bool` - Cleanup the download directory before and after the
  preload job and the cache directory when preload_handle.close() is called.
  Defaults to `True`.

Its common dataset open parameters for opening [xarray.Dataset] instances are the same
as for the filesystem-based data stores described above.

### EOPF Sample Service

A data store for EOPF Sample Service is currently under development and will be released
soon.

> 

Author: Thanks for the text. I included it.

Its common dataset open parameters for opening [xarray.Dataset] instances are
the same as for the filesystem-based data stores described above.

> ### ESA Climate Data Centre `esa-cci-kc`

Author: ok, I'll restructure

The data store `esa-cci-kc` accesses datasets that are offered by the [Open Data Portal]
via the references format.

Data store parameters are the same as for the filesystem-based `reference` store.

Its common dataset open parameters for opening [xarray.Dataset] instances are
the same as for the filesystem-based data stores described above.

### ESA SMOS `smos`

The data store `smos` provides L2C datasets of the [ESA Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity]
mission.

This data store is provided by the xcube plugin [xcube-smos]. You can install it using
`conda install -c conda-forge xcube-smos`.

Data store parameters:
* `source_path: str` - Path or URL into SMOS archive filesystem.
* `source_protocol: str`: Protocol name for the SMOS archive filesystem.

> * `source_storage_options: dict`: Storage options for the SMOS archive filesystem. See 
>    fsspec documentation for specific filesystems.
> * `cache_path: str`: Path to local cache directory. Must be given, if file caching 
>   is desired. 
> * `xarray_kwargs: dict`: Extra keyword arguments accepted by `xarray.open_dataset`.
> * `extra_source_storage_options`: Extra keyword arguments that override settings in
>   *source_storage_options*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source_storage_options: dict`: Storage options for the SMOS archive filesystem. See 
   fsspec documentation for specific filesystems. Any option can be overriden by
   passing it as additional data store parameter.
* `cache_path: str`: Path to local cache directory. Must be given, if file caching 
  is desired. 
* `xarray_kwargs: dict`: Extra keyword arguments accepted by `xarray.open_dataset`.
```
I propose this way of documentation to explain that there is not really a keyword argument "extra_source_storage_options".

Data store parameters:
* `source_path: str` - Path or URL into SMOS archive filesystem.
* `source_protocol: str`: Protocol name for the SMOS archive filesystem.
* `source_storage_options: dict`: Storage options for the SMOS archive filesystem. See
  fsspec documentation for specific filesystems. Any option can be overriden by
  passing it as additional data store parameter.
* `cache_path: str`: Path to local cache directory. Must be given, if file caching
  is desired.
* `xarray_kwargs: dict`: Extra keyword arguments accepted by `xarray.open_dataset`.

Common parameters for opening [xarray.Dataset] instances:

* `time_range: (str, str)` - Time range given as pair of start and stop dates.
  Format: `YYYY-MM-DD`. Required.
* `bbox: (float, float, float, float)` - Bounding box in geographical
  coordinates.
* `res_level: int` - Spatial resolution level in the range 0 to 4. Zero refers to
  the max resolution of 0.0439453125 degrees.

### Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation `gedidb`

> A data store for [Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation] (GEDI) data is currently

Author: Thanks !

General Data store parameters:

* `stack_mode: bool` - Stacking of STAC items is applied. If True,
  'odc-stac' is used as a default backend. Defaults to `False`.
* `anon: bool` - Connect to AWS S3 anonymously.
* `key: str` - AWS access key ID.
* `secret: str` - AWS secret access key.
* `token: str` - Session token. 
* `use_ssl: bool` - Use SSL in connections to S3. Defaults to `True`.
* `requester_pays: bool` - Support of "RequesterPays" buckets. Defaults to `False`.
* `s3_additional_kwargs: dict` - Parameters used when calling S3 API methods
  (e.g., `ServerSideEncryption`).
* `client_kwargs: dict` - Parameters passed to the underlying botocore client.
    * `endpoint_url: str` - Alternative endpoint URL.
    * `profile_name: str` - AWS configuration profile name.
    * `region_name: str` - AWS storage region name.
* `use_listings_cache: bool` - Whether to use a listings cache.
* `listings_expiry_time: float` - Expiry time (in seconds) for cached listings.
* `max_paths: int` - Maximum number of paths to consider when accessing S3 objects.
* `skip_instance_cache: bool` - Skip using an instance-level cache for S3 clients.

> * `asynchronous: bool` - Enable asynchronous I/O for data access.

Author: Sure.

Additional data store parameters for `stac`  and `xcube-stac`:
* `url: str` - URL to STAC catalog. Required.

Additional data store parameters for `stac-cdse`:

> * `creodias_vm: bool` - xcube-stac is used on a Creodias VM. Defaults to `False`.

Author: ok. I'll remove this information then.
